Rework RenameBoundaryGenerator (#16890)
idaholab/moose: framework/doc/content/source/meshgenerators/RenameBoundaryGenerator.md

!syntax description /Mesh/RenameBoundaryGenerator

## Renaming or Setting Boundary Names

When using the `RenameBoundaryGenerator` to change boundary names, the result is independent of ordering.

> The following will change the name for the boundary `meaningless` to `interior` and the name for boundary `5` to `exterior`:

Reviewer: I think meaningless should be monospace, since this is really just a string. I like to use regular quotes for this and save the monospace for actual code snippets and class names (which are code snippets).

```
[rename]
  type = RenameBoundaryGenerator
  input = some_mesh
  old_boundary_name = 'meaningless 5'
  new_boundary_name = 'interior exterior'
[]
```

## Merging Boundaries

When using the `RenameBoundaryGenerator` to merge boundaries, the result is not necessarily independent of ordering.

For example, take the following:

```
[merge]
  type = RenameBoundaryGenerator
  input = some_mesh
  old_boundary_id = '0 1 2 3`
  new_boundary_id = 'bottom_and_left bottom_and_left top_and_right top_and_right'
[]
```

The above will result two boundaries:

- Boundary `0` with name `bottom_and_left` that contains the sides from the original boundaries `0` and `1`.
- Boundary `2` with name `top_and_right` that contains the sides from the original boundaries `2` and `3`.

Take the first execution, `0` to `bottom_and_left`. The `RenameBoundaryGenerator` will use the original boundary ID, which is `0`. The second execution, `1` to `bottom_and_left`, will use the new ID associated with `bottom_and_left`, which is `0`, and merge `1` into it. The result is similar for the third and fourth executions.

> Note that this ordering-dependent behavior only exists when the new boundary provided is a name. Take the following instead:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note, this order dependent behavior only exists when the new boundary provided is a name. Take the following instead:
```
